I've been rocking my pixel watch one for
two years since they came out it
scratched to heck honestly cuz I just
didn't want to have a case on it which
honestly kind of makes me less likely to
upgrade to this new watch because I
don't think anyone's going to buy my old
scratched up one and I would have to do
something like that because these
watches are not repairable at all so if
I can't get someone else to use this or
buy it it's going in the landfill and I
just can't sleep at night with that the
other problem for Google is that the on
paper these specs are not that
compelling
to really get me to upgrade there's a
little diagram here of how to take the
watch band off of the face there's a
little quick start guide I really like
this paper packaging it's all recyclable
that's cool it doesn't make up for the
fact that you can't repair the watch
there are two sizes of bands in the box
so you get one of that side and then two
of this side and then finally the watch
itself boom this is the chungus 45 mm
version new to the pixel lineup is sizes
it is is great that they have variety I
would still be using the small watch but
I think they're accessing a lot more
people out of the population having this
bigger offering because otherwise it
just looks too dainty and Tiny on a
giant man's wrist this is 40% more
screen real estate than the smaller
pixel 2 but even the 41 mm has more
screen real estate because the bezels
are thinner I'm hoping that I can
compare the bezels of my one to this
three once we get going here and the
final thing in the box is the charging
dock which is woo over 3 ft
long it has the same design as the pixel
2's charger which is different than the
ones annoying that all three watches
didn't have the same charger I would
love to have an extra charger but even
if I buy this watch I'll only have one
cuz I won't be able to use my pixel 1's
charger let's get this thing paired up
to a pixel 9 okay Fitbit a couple
comments one of the most interesting
things actually about this watch and
maybe this is uh speaking to how kind of
lame this upgrade is but one of the nice
things they've actually taken features
out of the payal garden from Fitbit most
notably the Readiness score on my watch
if you want to have your Readiness score
which tells you like hey you're ready to
hit the weights today or do a big
workout because you got a good sleep and
you're well recovered versus maybe take
it easy today that Readiness score is
behind the pay wall of the Fitbit
Premium app for my watch on this one it
is not and that is awesome I I think
they maybe just felt to compete with
other watches they had to do that and
they should because you should have
access to all of the data that gets
collected by the sensors on the watch in
my opinion they still have pay wal stuff
but it's things that you would expect
like classes and AI insights and stuff
like that that personally I'm not going
to use some other new stuff that is not
payal is what's being described here you
can make custom workouts for yourself
such as I want to run this long with
this level of intensity and then I'm
going to slow down and walk slower at
this level for this many minutes and you
can tailor your own workout which is
pretty cool again I'm never doing this I
hate running I hate running long
distance that's for sure I'm going to
Sprint if anything and then I just go by
how much sweat I have and I don't need
to watch to tell me I'm out of breath
that's what I'm talking about enhanced
recovery by tracking sleep and stress
couple of safety features being touted
here the one that I think is the most
notable is safety check where you go
okay my daughter's going out for a 25
minute run uh so it sets a timer and
when that timer expires then her live
location is shared so like hey she
supposed to be back now by now where is
she I can check that out that's that's
pretty cool by the way that's not just
for parents you can choose which of your
contacts you want to share that live
location with could be for your partner
or your roommate whoever as far as watch
specific apps you've got the camera and
Spotify already installed and then for
recommendations number one SoundCloud
baby SoundCloud check out my band who's
using SoundCloud what particular order
are these coming in at if it really is
random then These Guys these more
obscure kind of apps are definitely
winning all right the watch is starting
up and this sweater is beautiful but way
too hot for right now and so oh my God
we need to talk to our sponsor GMA K who
is featuring their
tk75 Pro mechanical keyboard it has all
the features you'd expect like a hot
swapable PCB multiple layers of foam try
mode connectivity and self-facing RGB
and that's not all it's even got a
volume control knob high quality ktt hin
linear switches and a full aluminum
chassis to help this board stand out
from the crowd the best part it's under
$100 check it out using our Link in the
video description if you buy the 41 mm
today it'll still be 10% bigger in
screen size than the pixel 2 because of
Slimmer bezels but they love to hide
these bezels with a black screen don't
they another big thing is screen
brightness double the brightness 2,000
nits Peak on the new watch compared to
the pixel 2 which is going to be great
when you're outside on a sunny day if
you live in a place that actually ever
gets Sun yeah I can see that this is a
pixel one but
that is a lot brighter even this watch
will light up a dark room so combined
with it being bigger that is going to be
a lot brighter that's how thick the
bezels are they really don't look that
much thinner than pixel ones even so I
guess that's 10% because it's a circle
and it's on the Outer Rim but it doesn't
look materially bigger for Ingress
Protection this is ip68 rated up to 50 m
that's five atmospheres deep that is
really deep you guys that is beyond the
base basic diving certification you need
Advanced diving certifications to go
that deep 50 50 m is deep so that is
really impressive they say you can swim
in the ocean with this thing salt water
whatever wear it in the shower you're
good to go you don't have to think about
it and that is what I expect from
basically any smart watch I don't
there's no way I'm taking my watch off
to go in the shower tell you that puppy
has the same chip as in the pixel Watch
2 no new s so or anything there it's
Snappy enough you're not mining you're
not crypto mining on this thing thing
but there are some cool new features
including maybe an underrated one called
morning briefing it basically just it
knows the first time you look at your
watch in the morning and it just gives
you some key stats like this is how well
you slept this is what the weather's
like today and this is what's on your
calendar pretty cool you can't really
tailor what comes in that morning
briefing but it does try to act with
some intelligence and give you you know
novel information in terms of controls
you can control your phone's camera from
the watch which is useful but not new
you can control your Google TV it's
basically your remote you can control
the volume next episode all that stuff
from here which is very cool especially
if you lose your remote a lot which I do
my couch just has so many cracks between
the cushions it could be anywhere and
you can use this as like a viewfinder
for your nest camera so somebody Rings
your doorbell you're washing the dishes
your hands are all soapy you just look
at your watch and you can you can not
only see them you can even talk to them
although I will say that I hate using
this thing on speaker phone and talking
through it it's very quiet and um sounds
bad you're on my wrist and you know what
this thing doesn't look outlandishly
large on my wrist like Apple watch Ultra
does I could honestly rock that I'm
talking to you with my hands on steering
wheel kind of position so the watch face
is not oriented toward my mouth anymore
how does that sound it sounds pretty
good sounds like you're just on speaker
phone on a regular phone I'm speaking at
a volume that is normal for me maybe
abnormal for some I'm not really quite
sure you never can be sure can you all
right I think it's loud enough I'm going
to hang up on you now yeah it's like a
little fuzzy uh you sound further away
You're a bit quieter you sound like dog
poop man you were like a really
compressed little man at in the bottom
of a can yeah I don't know if this is a
pixel one is they're all like this or if
mine got smashed but this is junk the
battery life claim is the same as for L
year which is 24 hours with the always
on display on it does kind of suck to
have to charge your watch every day that
said charging is 20% faster this time
around and the charging speed is such
that it's it's kind of solved you
basically never really have to charge
this for longer than a half hour if you
get the smaller size the larger watch
has a larger battery and you know you
might want to charge it for about 45 to
50 minutes to get 80% of the battery but
if you don't run it down to zero cuz
you're charging it every day you only
really have to plug these things in for
about a half hour 45 minutes that's
basically your morning routine go have a
take it off when you go have a shower
you know what take it off brush your
teeth you come back it's already charged
really not a nuisance I personally am a
morning charger person because I like to
wear it at night and get that sleep
tracking info should you buy one or
should you upgrade pricing 350 bucks for
the smaller one an additional 50 bucks
for the big one if you want LTE to have
a SIM card in this puppy then it's an
additional $100 on either model against
competitors in the market the Apple
watch starts at 50 bucks more than where
the pixel watch 3 starts and the Samsung
Galaxy series they start at 50 bucks
less so it's kind of in the middle one
thing to note though is this is
launching at the same price that the
pixel 2 launched at last year the pixel
Watch 2 is being discounted by 100 bucks
so maybe you should just go get one of
those for 250 or if you're a pixel one
user like
me you can just keep on using it because
honestly I don't think the differences
are that big maybe you like the new
colors that you can see here there's
different watch face colors and band
colors you do not get to choose which
band goes with which face but of course
you can buy aftermarket or different
colors of bands separately My overall
feelings about this product is that it's
it's great that Google is you know
pushing the ball forward every year I
don't think it's compelling enough to
upgrade from even the first iteration
I'm glad that we're making these
incremental improvements but they are so
incremental that there's really no point
in unless you make calls from the watch
a lot cuz damn that
sucked if you guys think I'm wrong and
you would upgrade from watch that's even
2 years old let us know in the comments
and check out our other watch videos
like Li recent coverage of the OnePlus
watch that I think he's still wearing